DOC: extend/fix CONTRIBUTING.md with information on testing, changelog and releasing (#7204)
datalad/datalad: changelog.d/pr-7204.md

### 📝 Documentation

> - DOC: extend/fix CONTRIBUTING.md with information on testing, changelog and releasing.  [PR #7204](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7204) (by [@yarikoptic](https://github.com/yarikoptic))

Author: ```suggestion
- CONTRIBUTING.md was extended with up-to-date information on CI logging, changelog and release procedures.  [PR #7204](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7204) (by [@yarikoptic](https://github.com/yarikoptic))
```
